 

7

long the west, whence without having obtained any advantage,
idoc- he arrived in England. Afterwards, when the English again
η and sent him out, he had much more prosperity but less good μ
,he 22 luck‚ for having after much trouble arrived about 300 miles
ch he to the west of Terra de Baccalaos‚ and having taken up his ¹„3
fimes, winter-quarters there and wishing at 52⁰ of latitude to push ξ
it) he on further, he was, with all the Commanders, put on shore by 3
time, the crew, who refused to go further and returned home. His {3
unt ot designs we subj0in at the close of the book, hoping that we 33
ie sun shall receive of the vessels now expedited thither, further ³3
embla. news and tidings of a thorough passage, by which they would 3
611 to rcap etei-nal honor and fame, because so many years such
rmaps august personages and intelligent pilots have endeavoured ᾧ
Ᾰηίαῃ, , to come by means of a new short road to the riches of 31
but it Cathay, China, the Molucks and the Peruvian nations. '⁵
rmaps Among these have been Martin Forbisner and Iobn Davis, Γ,
,rly in who in the years 1585, 86 and 87 sailed between Terra 3
by the Nova and Greenland northwards up to 72 degrees‚ but 3 ³
¹ aving were kept back by the ice, and without having done any-

or re· thing subservient to their purpose, returned home.

, they The hope of finding out this newly discovered passage

Terra or strait above Terra Nova discovered by Mt. Hudson, is

rly all strengthened by the testimony of the Virginians and Flori-

mpan- dians, who confidently affirm that to the north-west of their

. com· country is a large 'sea, saying that they have seen vessels

ceeded there like those of the English. We read also in Iosephus

rpose. , d’Acosta in the 12th chapter of the 3⁶¹ book, about the natural

of W. productions of the West-Indies, that the Spaniards believe the

rial in ’ English Captain Thomas Candish to have been well acquain-

India- ted with this passage. It is also said, that the Spaniards en-

dson ‚ deavour to keep this road unknown, and that some of them,
·wards on returning from the conquest of the Philippines, have come

 

