    
      
       
   
     
    
        
       
      
    
     
     
     
     
     

15

  

the curreres of the. city aad sus-{h like things. But they wera

   

ed the
les, ω struck with awe on beholding the Emperor, deokedin costly
y just ³¹33& §ming 9¹1 hofae‘rebacks nt riding in a coaeh drawn by a
wffich great number Of horses Splendidly equipped, ancl surrounded
Εὖ but by many high ,(1.ίὲὓὶῖὲῐίβὸ in costly apparel. They likewise
omised gazssd intently at all the soldiers who, gun in hand, walked
mmted in red coats along the train; the Emperor being always
when he rode out, surrounded by four hundred guardsmen‚
cmm With great astonishment they also listened to the chime of
ny rare the clocks which are very numerous in Moscow. Nor did au
md 2150 the· sinim-did shQPS and magnificent articles the less attract
elks and theu· admiration. In short, they fancied that they had got
:had had lufo the abode of the GodS, and wished much to be again f
Υ things with their brethren to relate all this to them, calling them 2
care m happy who might obey such a master as the Emperor, whom ’ἱ ⁵
trds give ’ they thought a God. Also the food, they received in Mos· f
eturned ‘³⁰W' they liked much ‚ discerning very well that it was of .’
em, and much better'taste than the raw beasts or dried fish they had ξ, .
the lan at home· · , ,
xact qe 1¹1 short, they promised the Emperor to acknowledge him ” {³3
again in as their sovereign Lord and to persuade their fellow coun- ⁷ l
ooked at ‘tymeus fat aad near, to do the same. They requested the 3
- ordered ’ Emperor, graciOUSly to send them govern'ors to rule over 22?
emerim, {hem2 to ‘whom they would then pay the aforesaid tribute. ÷. ³
all piece v ‘⁸⁵ “⁰ ‘hell‘ idolatry‚ no notice was taken of that, and they
mark in retained their old notioris, but I believe that the Christian
ch a dis· faith WOUld ⁵00ss be introduced, as soon as Christian tea· .
otwith- 0¹¹⁶ss were appointed for ὡς task3 and this will he the »ζῆ
at it, to case, if they are not so much engaged in carrying on vio. ,33ss
lent wars. ¹ Ji ξ
Ι annet Of 5⁶2ss this, having thus happened as above mentioned, the il(
and also children of Aniconij were highly extolled. Every where much . 33
. ’3333
32²2

