*ᾖ · etz-:s

- Α Ἴ ¹ ¹< Δ a . - ,
, ¹ , „2 Α .,„ ⁸ Π . Α ¹ . ‘
⁸ uss} ² Τ νὼζέξ,ωῧΜεωξ’Μ- ζὼς, »ἐξ · ‘ ἱ

‚- -ij‘qff-...W -ι- θῄὦωὴ-...αφ-ι-ν--μ-

 

10

great treasures, he silently contracted an alliance and friend·
ship with some of these peopleS. He sent also some of his
slaves and servants thither, to the number of ιο or 12 along
with them into the country, order-ing them diligently to spy
out every thing in the lands they travelled through and to
take due note of their mannen, abodes, mode of living
and mien, and thus to give him a good account of every
thing when they came home. They having duly followed
up his orders. he treated well those who had been there and
showed them great favour, but told them to keep every thing
quite secret and made them stay with him without acquain-
ting any one about the matter. But the next year he sent
larger parties thither and also some of his friends with goods
cf small value, as German haberdashery, bells and similar
articles. These men also accompanied the others and like
them pried and looked into every thing, and proceeded as far
as the river Oby through many deserts and along several of
the many rivers, contractmg with many Samoyeds close friend-,.
ship and alliance. They heard too that the furs there were of
small value and that riches were to be got there. They saw
also that they dwelt not in cities‚ but lived in companies
peaceably together and were governed by the oldest among
them, in their diet they were very uncleanly ancl subsisted
of the game they caught, unacquainted with corn or bread.
They were mostly good archers and their bows were made oi
tough wood and some (arrows) were pointed with sharpened
stone and some with sharp [ish-bones, with which thev shot
the game that was found -there in great abundance. They also
used fish-bones to sew with, taking the sinews of small ani-

·mals, instead of thread, and thus joined the skinstogether

with which they> covered themselves, wearing in summer
the fur outside, and in the winter inside. They likewise σοι·

 

 

 

