Rs

.READY
&MEs

‚ they

town , =

istance
travel-
tsogda
· xtend
From
hrows

three
silent>
·tween
ats or
ts for
nother
short-
each a
rocky

 

     

cliffs, named Camena by the Muscovstes, lying also in the
mountains Joegoria. Thus travelling along the river down-
wards for 9 days, they arrive at a small town, called Soil
Camscoy, which is built by the Muscovites as a resting place
for travellers‚ for this is a starting point to go farther by land,
and the river runs on in its course, and at last falls into the
river Cam. — This river flows below the city Viatea in
Muscovia, and terminares in the great river Rha or Volga,
which flows into the Caspian sea with 70 inlets. All this is
confirmed by the testimony of persons, who have themselves
seen and enquired into it.

Having stayed at Soil Camscoy, many horses were brought
in course of time, and the place becomes already well-peopled
and the country, round about, well-provided with villages ancl
cattle. Being mostly Russians and Tartars., they *place their
baggage on horses and travel from there mostly over moun-
tains covered with pines and firs, and other singular trees, and
cross a river in the mountains called Soyba and another called

Coosna‚ both running towards the north. These mountains .

are divided into three parts and it is a very different country
from the one they left, producing finer woods, firmer timber
and also many herbs growing there. Their name during a jour-
ney of two days is Coosvinscoy-Camen3 the two following days

,the name is Cirginscoy-Camen3 and then during a journey

of four days Podvinsco-Camen‚ and at last one arrives at a
city called Vergateria. These three afore-named deserts are
mostly frequented by wild Tartars and Samoyeds, who are
constantly employed in catching costly game sor the Musco-
viteS. That range of mountainS‚ Podvinscoy-Camen, is the
highest and, in many places, covered with snow and clouds;
it is very difficult to tr'avel over, but it becomes by degrees
very low. ’

c2

 

   

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  

  

